i've been doing fluid mechanics for you
know
longer than i care to to tell you
and i'm really interested in
understanding the behavior of interfaces
and in particular in situations where
you've got a high speed flow
going past an interface and we want to
understand what happens if that
uh flow is turbulent that it interacts
with the interface
what happens next how do you model that
how do you put that on the computer in a
way
where you can actually capture what
happens in in real life
for example like mixing in stir tanks
like we know
we need power to actually mix these
fluids and
the amount of work you need to do or the
power or the torque actually is a
function
of the shear stress or the it's again
the boundaries that are playing the
crucial role you have an impeller you
have water
with the air in the top you rotate the
impeller you have the interface that
deforms
and then when you increase the frequency
of the impeller it deforms more
until you reach the blade and then you
have a multiple of bubbles
so it's process of mixing and that's
what i'm doing at this moment
these simulations are useful in in many
different areas um in say
pharmaceuticals and mineral processing
because a lot of
industrial applications depend on the
size and the interactions of droplets
basically multiphase flows this area
that we're working in
which involves this this issue of a
turbulent phase
flowing past an interface is central to
just about every processing equipment in
manufacturing so
if you if you get that bit of physics
wrong then you're making all kinds of
wrong predictions
in designing lots of things which are
important from an industrial perspective
and we think
that that's one of the main reasons why
there is a lot of inefficiency in design
you